Apply cleanup to changes introduced in pr 699 (#762)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/device-gateway.rst

Managing Factory PKI
====================

> LmP devices connect to OTA services via a :ref:`Device Gateway <ref-ota-architecture>` configured with mutual :term:`TLS`.

Reviewer: Do we have a separate term for `mutual TLS`?

Author: It appears we do, under mTLS. I will update it.

> LmP devices connect to OTA services via a :ref:`Device Gateway <ref-ota-architecture>` configured with mutual :term:`TLS`.

Author: ```suggestion
LmP devices connect to OTA services via a :ref:`Device Gateway <ref-ota-architecture>` configured with :term:`mutal TLS <mTLS>`.
```

Reviewer: typo: mutal -> mutual.

Otherwise this looks good.

> A set of digital certificates used to establish trust between Factory devices and a Device Gateway is a Factory Public Key Infrastructure (PKI).

Reviewer: Maybe, _**the** device gateway_? IIUC we only have the one of a kind.

> A set of digital certificates used to establish trust between Factory devices and a Device Gateway is a Factory Public Key Infrastructure (PKI).

Author: ```suggestion
A set of digital certificates used to establish trust between Factory devices and the Device Gateway is a Factory Public Key Infrastructure (PKI).
```
